RHDEVDOCS-5509: Configuring build strategies (#63401)
openshift/openshift-docs: builds/configuring-build-strategies.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="configuring-build-strategies"]
= Configuring build strategies 
:context: configuring-build-strategies
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

toc::[]

> You can configure build strategies by defining strategy parameters, system parameters, steps resource definition, annotations, and volumes in a `BuildStrategy` or `ClusterBuildStrategy` CR.

Author: :) Yes, it is correct. You can include a definition of resources, such as the limit imposed on CPU, memory, and disk usage for all steps defined in a build strategy.

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="configuring-build-strategies"]
= Configuring build strategies
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: configuring-build-strategies

toc::[]

> A `BuildStrategy` or `ClusterBuildStrategy` custom resource (CR) helps you to define strategy parameters, system parameters, steps resource definition, annotations, and volumes to configure a build strategy. A `BuildStrategy` resource is available for use within a namespace, and a `ClusterBuildStrategy` resource is available for use throughout the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `BuildStrategy` or `ClusterBuildStrategy` custom resource (CR) helps you to define strategy parameters, system parameters, steps resource definitions, annotations, and volumes to configure a build strategy. A `BuildStrategy` resource is available for use within a namespace, and a `ClusterBuildStrategy` resource is available for use throughout the cluster.
```

Or "step resources definitions"/"a step resource definition".

Also, could "to configure a build strategy" be "for build strategy configuration"?

Author: I would like to highlight the action part like you can use these items to configure a feature. So, going with "to configure a build strategy".

> For configuring a build strategy, create a `BuildStrategy` or `ClusterBuildStrategy` resource YAML file and apply it to the {ocp-product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a build strategy, create a `BuildStrategy` or `ClusterBuildStrategy` resource YAML file and apply it to the {ocp-product-title} cluster.
```

include::modules/ob-defining-strategy-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ob-defining-system-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ob-defining-step-resources.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ob-strategies-with-different-resources.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ob-resource-management-in-tekton-pipelines.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

include::modules/ob-examples-of-tekton-resources-management.adoc[leveloffset=+3]

include::modules/ob-defining-annotations.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ob-securely-referencing-string-parameters.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ob-defining-system-results.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/ob-defining-volumes-and-volume-mounts.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

// [role="_additional-resources"]
// == Additional resources

> // * For information on how to use the strategy parameters in a `Build` or `BuildRun` CR, see 

Reviewer 2: If this additional resources section ends up being added, please format it per the guidelines: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#additional-resources-sections

Author: Sure, @abrennan89. Since the content is being created from scratch, I do not have all the references ready.
